
# Correcting mandatory assignments

Most of the correction is automated by the testing framework and is set up in the folder we share under `mandatory_assignments`. Each assignment from each course have its own folder (e.g. `translationproject_AP`).

In each folder there is a file called student_status.txt with PASSED/FAILED status, responsible TA, student name and auID. I can only match student to TAs by name, so the ones that say NO-TA-ASSIGNED you will have to manually assign a TA. Have a look though the list to see if any of them are yours. 

Each folder for each assignment (e.g. `translationproject_AP`) there is a also folder with a long name like

`gradebook_BB-Cou-UUVA-85452_Translating20open20reading20frames_2019-10-07-13-49-33`

That folder contains all the assignments files as well as files generated by me.

For each student that handed in there is a subdirectory with the files you need for testing and correction. These subfolders are named like this: `'Translating open reading frames_au614835_attempt_2019-09-27-09-27-50'`. For the translation project they contain:

`original.py`, `test_translationproject.csv`, `test_translationproject.py`, `translationproject.py`

`original.py` is a copy `translationproject.py` for safe keeping. So you can change `translationproject.py` and run it and run `test_translationproject.py` to figure out why the student's code fails.

The corresponding text file

`'Translating open reading frames_au614835_attempt_2019-09-27-09-27-50.AP2.txt'`

is a file for any notes on the student if that is convenient for you. The suffix AP2 shows which student is responsible for grading the assignment (the codes are on class_participants.yaml).

`'Translating open reading frames_au614835_attempt_2019-09-27-09-27-50.txt'`

is a file with meta information on the student like this (like name, auID ect.).

For your convenience all assignments that failed are copied to a folder for each TA in the `failed` folder. Students in the `student_status.txt` files labelled as NO-TA-ASSIGNED are found in the folder called `NO-TA-ASSIGNED`. If any uploaded assignments could not be tested at all they are copied to the `import_error` folder. So any correction and note taking can be limited to the content of these latter folders.

Once you are done correcting, you must mark each student as passed (if they are) and send a harsh email to the ones that did not pass - telling them they have three days (or something) to hand in again. If someone did not hand in at all, you should send them an email to ask if they are no longer following the course. If they are not, we can remove them from the list of participants for each class.
